c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\NieruchomosciJG.dll.config
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\NieruchomosciJG.dll
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\NieruchomosciJG.pdb
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\obj\Debug\NieruchomosciJG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\obj\Debug\NieruchomosciJG.dll
c:\users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\obj\Debug\NieruchomosciJG.pdb
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Context.dll
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Services.dll
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Context.pdb
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Services.pdb
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\madamowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NieruchomosciJG\NieruchomosciJG\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
